Support JS conversion for app code without `jscodeshift` (#5163)
remix-run/remix: decisions/0008-only-support-js-conversion-for-app-code.md

When creating a new Remix project via `npx create-remix` today, the CLI asks the user if they'd
prefer to use Typescript or Javascript.

```sh
❯ npx create-remix@latest
? Where would you like to create your app? ./my-remix-app
? What type of app do you want to create? Just the basics
? Where do you want to deploy? Choose Remix App Server if you're unsure; it's easy to change deployment targets. Remix App Server
? TypeScript or JavaScript? (Use arrow keys)
❯ TypeScript
  JavaScript
```

Originally, this was implemented by having separate variants of a template for TS and JS.
This worked, but duplicated huge portions of templates making those variants hard to maintain.
To fix this, the decision was made to maintain _only_ the TS variant of each template.
To provide JS-only Remix projects, the Remix CLI would copy the TS template and then dynamically
convert all Typescript-related code to their Javascript equivalents.

While converting the code in the Remix app directory (e.g. `app/`) is reliable, conversion of
TS-related code outside of the `app/` directory are tricky and error-prone.

### 1 Stale references to `.ts` files

> For example, both the [Indie][indie-stack] and [Blues][blues-stack] stacks have broken scriptswhen selecting `Javascript`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, both the [Indie][indie-stack] and [Blues][blues-stack] stacks have broken scripts when selecting `Javascript`,
```
